Add deprecation note on `README.md` (#2327)
CliMA/ClimateMachine.jl: README.md

# ClimateMachine.jl

> ***NOTE THAT THIS REPO IS NOT CURRENTLY BEING MAINTAINED. PLEASE GO OVER AT*** [CliMA/ClimaCore.jl](http://github.com/CliMA/ClimaCore.jl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***NOTE THAT THIS REPO IS NOT CURRENTLY BEING MAINTAINED. PLEASE SEE THE FOLLOWING REPOSITORIES***

  - [CliMA/ClimaCore.jl](http://github.com/CliMA/ClimaCore.jl)
 - [CliMA/ClimaAtmos.jl](http://github.com/CliMA/ClimaAtmos.jl)
 - [CliMA/Thermodynamics.jl](http://github.com/CliMA/Thermodynamics.jl)
 - [CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl](http://github.com/CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl)
 - [CliMA/SurfaceFluxes.jl](http://github.com/CliMA/SurfaceFluxes.jl)
 - [CliMA/ClimaLSM.jl](http://github.com/CliMA/ClimaLSM.jl)
 - [CliMA/Oceananigans.jl](http://github.com/CliMA/Oceananigans.jl)
 - [CliMA/ClimaCoupler.jl](http://github.com/CliMA/ClimaCoupler.jl)
```
